miko goes through another door "house keeping" finds someone hanging inside

rust falls in another hole, but flies out again

miko opens another door and 3 zombies come out. they would surpise us, but LWs weapon of warning keeps them from surprising us

miko stabs one as it comes out

== combat begins ==

ezhule flame freezes the zombie that miko stabbed

zombie attacks miko, but misses

miko spins around and hits with flame rapier, but misses with regular rapier (crit fail), drops weapon (cramp?), picks it back up, zombie dies

rust comes in, misses zombie (crit fail)

zombie attacks, but misses (crit fail)

LW casts bless on ezhule, miko, rust

CB charged a zombie, knocked a zombie prone, bonus attack crit fails, but keeps from getting injured

bringer uses spiritual weapon that floats to zombie (the one CW knocked prone), hit zombie. bringer long swords the zombie, divine smites it, long swords it again (crit yes), disarms zombie, divine smite. zombie dies

ezhule frostbites the last zombie

miko attacks zombie, killing it

-- puase combat --

rust breaks another door

-- resume combat --

ezhule frost otongues the zombies

zombies punch rust, but nothing happens

miko jolts zombie, it misses, but swerves (bc bless) and hits zombie

rust punches zombie in face, slashes it with sword

LW sees zombie wearing leather armor, with damaged symbol on it (could be bottom half of lathander symbol), swings at zombie twice, hits it once

CB cant charge bc hole, but comes up at zombie and kicks it, runs away

bringer longswords the zombie once, misses next attack

ezhule recognizes symbol of lathander on zombie armor. ezhule frost tongues weak zombie and kills it

zombie attacks bringer, LW shields it, but zombie does 2 dmg to bringer anyway

miko jolts zombie 

LW lays on hands bringer to heal dmg

bringer divine smites zombie, killing it

== combat ends ==

ezhule and LW discuss the symbol on the zombies chest, its lathander

rust falls in hole in front of door, flies out

rust goes to next door, fails dex save on door. door explodes, ezhule and LW take 5 dmg from shrpnel, rust gets pushed back from explosion

onto to next hallway, at end, theres a deadend. more doors.

miko uses find trap scroll so rust doesnt have to keep falling into holes and traps. detects that two pits exist 

rust opens door, explodes with shrapnel, almost killing CB with poison shrapnel

bringer leaps, cures posion, heals her to half, LW heals her to full

ezhule opens a door with poison gas, but LW and ezhule take no damage

Rust punches another door, but theres nothing behind it. when he leaves the door, a single dart whizzes by miko and ezhule. the dart was poison and acid, it hits wall

miko and ezhule fall into the trap, miko dodges trap. ezhule falls in and takes piercing damage, his hand is peirced by spike. rust flies in and lifts him out. miko tries to detect if he's infected, miko cures ezhule's disease (which was dyssentery)

CB jumps over pit

next door, rust falls in hole in front of door

opposite on the hallway, two zombies pop out of a door and attack LW and CB. 

== combat begins ==

CB attacks with hooves, runs into middle of hallway

LW moon beams the two zombies, then backs away

miko casts fireball and jumps in pit with rust, landing hard on rust (face plant on him). zombies get scorched

ezhule attacks, but misses

zombie takes damage, blows up, severely damaging LW and almost killing CB

2nd zombie misses ezhule

jack does damage

zombie explodes again, downing CB, CB fails 1 death save,

ezhule takes poison damage 

CB dies from piercing damage and poison damage and shrapnel

in a rage, LW two-hands axe and slashes zombie, and divine smites it. avenging CB's death

ezhule attacks it

LW takes poison damage, down to 33/93 hp

bringer cures ezhule of poison

jack attacks zombie, kills it

== end combat ==

LW's moonbeam goes away

bringer cures jack and LW of poison

ezhule heals himself

rusts sees a scroll at the end of the hallway. miko takes it, its a scroll of raise dead. miko looks for hidden walls. miko thinks CB is a spirit summoned by find steed, but CB is a real horse

miko approaches LW, LW still cries over his horse.

ezhule writes in notes: zombies vulnerable to attack, but these ones are unusually strong

miko asks about CB
LW says "id give anything to have her back" while still only 23/93 hp

miko tries to cast the scroll, but cant. ezhule cant cast the raise dead scroll.

miko crit success cast s raise dead.
miko heals her

CB vanishes after barely able to mutter out a word (she faints, miko heals her, CB vanishes)

scroll hits LW on head, in common it says "I have your horse. -Dahfair". the scroll burns away after he reads 

"anybody know a dahfair?" -LW
no one knows it

LW knows 2 dahfairs, two princesses of Galaya

LW casts prayer of heal on party, but not on bringer bc hes full hp.

it takes 30 minutes to get to castle

miko cleans her boots with prestidigitation

on the way back to castle, they found a commoner surrounded by thee diseased wolves

==combat begins==

miko attacks all three of the wolves, convinces one of them to leave

wolf attacks miko, LW prevents most damage with protection

LW grapples the wolf closest to him

miko kicks the other wolf in the balls, crit success, kills it

wolves tries to struggle agaisnt LW, but he holds it down

miko stabs grappled wolf while LW tries to calm it

==combat ends==

commoner comes with party for protection

LW casts gentle repose on both wolves that died, only lags behind by 1 minute

miko hands out stale donuts

Robert follows them to the castle "im going to go meet some peopole"

CB is at the front gate, LW greets her and hugs. CB is completely healed, and groomed (braided)

the party goes inside, meets a tiefling ("hot teacher"), name: Dahfair

LW thanks Dahfair for taking care of CB, dahfair asks him to come inside, LW leaves CB at the front gate

the party goes to throne room, Galaya is sitting on throne: black creepy chair with rhino skull feet. the chair floats. galaya holds short rod with crystal on it, crystal has 8 inscribed into it, Galaya has long sword. Galaya wears dark gloves and greenish boots, python around his neck.
In the corner is a 6ft tall robot

dahfair stands next to Galaya
"nice to see you all again" - Galaya

Galaya asks about CB, LW thanks miko and dahfair

Galaya grabs python staff, now has dark mist around him

Galaya grows bigger, 2ft taller, intimidates LW, tells him in Primordial "by my grace, you were not arrested. be grateful that i saved your horse, and that you are not in prison. you will not get your reward." LW shakes in his boots

"do they gurgle water to speak like that?" -miko. miko tries to imitate and fails miserably

Galaya gives 300 GP to each party member.

Rust kneels when Galaya approaches, Galaya moves his chip into the new robot body
"I have new thing" -Rust

Miko tries to fit Rust in the backpack, but he doesnt fit. Rust shortens his legs and barely fits in the bag.

"Warforge, come." Galaya beckons bringer into a portal. bevaria follows them.

in celestial: "come back here in 5 hours miko" - Galaya
miko gives thumbs up

miko and ezhule talk about the money they have, "lets get donuts" -miko

throne goes through big portal

jack also gets cards

== miko & ezhule ==

they go to bakery

miko confides in ezxhule that shes nervous about meeting galaya

miko buys more donuts and chocolates

miko and exhule go to market, sees smiths, clothing stores, alchemy shop, herablism shop, lots of shops

miko drags ezhule to clothes store
miko wants something thatll look good on ezhule
"i dont need any clothes" -ezhule
"i know what;; look beautiful on him" -clerkess
she takes him into back, puts him in azura blue tux studded leather
miko likes it ("dashing"), ezhule doesnt ("i want my old clothes")
blue jeans: "very casual" -miko, "why are you putting me through this?" -ezhule
"i want you to look godo" -miko
"i like mine"
"you cant always wear the same clothes, youre all dirty" -miko
"those arent datign clothes" -clerkess winks
"what if you find someone you like?" -miko
ezhule brings up miko always wears same jacket
"I like this jacket"
"exacty" -ezhule
"how about something matching for both us?" -miko
clerkess puts piece of paper in ezhules coat pocket "i get off at 8"

clerkess brings out some clothes, but neither of them like it, miko doesnt like heels

crimson red dress, black heels, blue bow: mko
azura suit, black shoes, red bowtie: ezhl
they both like it. miko twirls around. they buy the clothes.
clerkess winks at them. they takes the clothes off and go back to their day clothes, put new clothes in their bags. miko keeps her new clothes on, even the heels, almost falls, but does a move to regain balance, getting used to the heels
"have a wonderful night" -clerkess

=== miko & ezhule have a good time ===





=== Larkwren & Cloverbraid ===

they go to the lathander temple, under castle ward, in City of Splendors.

CB squeezes thru passage, they find 12 temples, like a shopping mall for temples. tempest's temple is the biiggest one for some reason

they go into lathanader temple and 5 priests heal LW to full, they feed them

the priest is oddly stiff, his voice isnt cheery as it once wass, slightly tmepreed, clamer

priest is on edge, looking panicked, LW cant figure out what is going on

LW sleeps in stable with CB

LW and CB both feels like theyre being watched
Cb feels like something is watching over you
LW feels a judging stare on him
LW feels like he angerd lathander, voice in his head tells him he didnt, but he did angeer the ruler of the land
they started feeling this when they tried to go to sleep

=== LW & CB sleep in temple ===




5 HOURS LATER




=== At Night ===

miko & ezhule go to inn, miko greets bringer, jack is there

miko goes to palace while theyre all sleeping, ezhule follows her.

guards tell ezhule to go to his inn, ezhule tries to sneak in, ezhule gets randomly knocked unconscious (galaya power word killed him and then resurrected him), ezhule toes a long rest on the ground

=== ====





=== about Robert === 
he looks like a commoner
doesnt need a pass to enter waterdeep
can enter the palace door and locks it behind him
at palace to meeting "people"
=== ====