Minotaur Maze Session 13

===

sui draws cards:
-perm -2 cha
-armor and weapons vanish, performance competition with michael jackson
takes a long time to beat mj at least once, barely beats him the last time, got his armor and weapons back
-gets a sidekick: leonin

reesu goes into gales room and takes him into her room

sui flies around in the night looking for trouble, sees snowy mountains, catches glimbpse of bird pppl
sui finds wolf pack

=== combat begins ===

sui hits wolves, bow string snaps,

silber (out of nowhere) hits sui: 34dmg piercing

sui falls out of the air, crashes thru the roof and into his room

sui does a long rest

=== combat ends ===


reesu wants to sleep in gras room
reesu: "my room smells like liquor"
gra:"whos fault is that?"
reesu:"mine. want tsome alcohol?"
gra: chugs
reesu enters the room
reesu: "you may think i have something planned but i dont. just wanna talk"
astalir is already fast asleep
reesu and gra play patty cake
reesu: " i wont be loud"
gra: "its not hte loudness im scared of"
reesu: "you know me, why u sacred?'
gra: "because ive been ith you 15 yrs, i know how scary you are"
reesu: "did i never show you?" reesu shows gra her tentacles
gra: "its ap art of you??"
reesu: "its always been a part of me"
gra: "so youre not human"
reeesu: "did you think someone who looks like me is human?" shows horns
gra: "im not scared of what you are, im scare d of what you can do"
gra: "tentacles that explains your strength"
gra: "how often do you typcial hunt for your food"
reesu: "moneys low, no manmade food"
gra: "i find a good hunt makes the good food much better"
talks about

astalir wakes up to that conversation
astalir stares at reesu
gra assures him its ok, she already knew, and is the one that figured it out first
astalir angrily bleats
astalir blinds them, transforms into drathalion, then turns light off
valgard: "sailor moon transformation xD"

gra and reesu talks about telescope, drath gives gra a "telescope"

reesu checks on gale
gale: "this one slept on floor"
reesu: "did you fall?"
"no tired passed out"
"i need help, need to find telescope for gra"
"no tricks?"
"you can have treats?"
"no... triiicks"
"can t guarantee but probably not"
gale goes with reesu


drath talks to jodi about room #6 (the creepy one)
jodi says he doesnt know, but will ask innkeeper
jodi asks innkeeper
innkeeper says some ppl like dark eerie stuff, goth like it, if someone really wants it, im willing to rent it out
jodi syas therooms purpose is to appeal to the more goth members of society.
jodi heard the story of the dark coenrer guy?
the room is made for that guy
drath  thanks jodi and orders some blueberry pancakes: 5copper, drath pays 1 silver

gras there, comments on the tip, and how furbolgs dont care about money
jodi: "we like the idea of charity, not super big on being greedy"
gra: "difference between being greedy, and staying alive with money in your pocket"
jodi: "we should only take hwta we neeed when we need it"

reesu and gale find a telescope in a shop
reesu tells shopkeeper she wants a telecope for my papa
10gold
gale pays for it
reesu asks for nut brown telescope, lightbrown, hazel

reesu and gale and go to tavern, get it to gra
gra likes it
reesu: "how many birthdays have  i missed?"
gra: "about 8"
reesu: "and when is your birthday?"
gra: "i forget"

party gets going, reesu hugs jodi goodbye

they go into the cold, wear winter clothes

don sells daisy a winter coat
don comments on daissys height
don pies daisy in the face, and she goes back to normal size (bc daisy was small bc cards)
daisy dodges the pie, but the pie still hits
daisy goes back to normal size
daisy: "i dont appreicate getting pied int he face, i do appr you retuning me to my normal size. i felt your delivery was a bit mean, i just want you to know"

don snaps ingers and pie vaniahes

reesu orders clam sandwich
gra: "do not feed it to the yingling"
reesu: "here you go gale"

sui orders winter clothes
gra: "let me help you here"
sui: "i want to do it myself"
don: "250 gold"
gra persuades don, daisy casts guidance on gra: "250 seems a bit high. for your fav adventurerss"
don lowers the price: "ok ill help you out. 150 gold"
gra: convincs to go down to 100gp
party buys 2 winter clothes for 100gp total
sui pays with 10 platinum pieces
don eats the platinum: "yum"

gra is having a panic attack
"i heard the crunch. why did he eat the coins??"
ressu:"its slieght of hand its a trick"
gra: "thats not how slieght of hand works"
drath tries to show the coins are back, but gra doesnt see

party leaves
gra: "but the coins but the coins. it was platinum"
reesu: "dont think about it"
gra draws a card: CHA and DEX swap perm

party travels for a day or two

the weather is snowing
party gets to bridge, giant wolves on the other side

party prepares for battle
daisy emboldening bonds gra reesu gale. wild shapes into chalice option
gale shield of faith gra

party goes onto bridge: gra gale reesu daisy bob drath sui (sui in air)

gra reesu makes it across bridge, across 50ft drop into freezing river. at least 2 wolves approach

=== combat begins ===


silber posten shoots sui: 17dmg
sui falls out of the sky

gale crosses bridge, halfway bridge falls apart, dangles on bridge

winter wolf 1 bites gra: misses

daisy helps gale out of the hole in the bridge. daisy sanctuary daisy

sui: "one time isnt just a coincidence, somethings wrong here"
sui shoots from across the chasm at winter wolf 1: 13dmg + 20dmg
sui drinks major acid potion: 11heals

bob skips across the bridge with ease
bob shortbows winter wolf: 18dmg

drath hunters mark winter wolf shortbows: 21dmg
drath jumps off, uses bubble coat to float across chasm, tries to grab cliff on other side, but falls down: 10ft above water

dire wolf bites bob: misses

dire wolf bites gra: FUMBLE: gra has attack on dire wolf

reesu grapples two dire wolves, tosses them in the water
reesu gets in front, uses spell rot tattoo to enlarge, takes a step back

gra rages, battleaxes winter wolf 1: 11dmg, kills it! the force of the axe knocks the body into the water
gra rushes into wolf group
gra hits dire wolf (with help from daisys spell emboldening bond): 16dmg

gale crossed the bridge

winter wolf crits gra: 13dmg (half bc rage)
gra suceeds strength save, does not go prone

daisy blesses party: gra reesu gale bob drath
daisy moves next to gra

sui dragonbows winter wolf: 19dmg
sui CRIT dragon bows wintwer wolf: 23dmg

silber posten shoots sui bc he flew into the air
sui fails strength save, drops his bow in the snow
sui takes 17dmg, falls to ground

sui drinks greater acid potion: 8dmg

bob shoots winter wolf: 10dmg + 10dmg

drath climbs up 15ft, molds earth beneath her, removes dirt from under winter wolf, sends sui clone flying into the air

dire wolf bites gra: 5dmg
wolf doesnt prone gra

dire wolf tries to attack daisy: fumbles wisdom throw, cant attack

dire wolves move in closer

reesu grapples wounded wintwer wolf, dire wolf: throws them into river

gra battleaxes winter wolf x2: 11dmg, 11dmg

silber posten shoots fake sui, fake sui falls out of the air


















