marisa tackles asahi for sitting on her face, but it turns into a hug, but marisa paralyses him to tackle gim and knock him down to get back at him



bandits and (zane and dria?) drank all night

next morning, marisa makes a mud sculpture of a fan

bandits at night go to tent near asah i and marisaa. asahi wants to kill them. aurora says no dont do that because truce44

the next morning, zane wakes up, sneaks out of the carriage without waking up dria, and undoes the cordone of arrows, and puts the arrows back in the quiver. he puts the blanket back on dria. dria sleeps unaware

marisa wakes up asahi. "good mornign sleepingy head" 
mhmmm
"gotta say, you dont look too bad. that was a compliment."
"dont get any ideas" asahi said
"i dont thin kwere good for each toher anyways. get ready, who knows whats going to happen today."

(07:00) dria wakes up an hour later. qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq she asked zane about the cordone of arrows, he said he took them off. she went off for four hours to hunt for breakfast, but climbed the wall and fell off and injured herself mildly. dria is mad at zane for disarming her arrows, but doesnt say it

bandit leader yelled to everyone to get ready for the suited man. soldiers get ready, only one is super prepared.

"what a good nap! hope you two werent twoo intrusive?" bandit at top of cliff to marisa and asahi.
"before we go down do you know anyoen good at makng stomehting?" marisa asks
"not at the moment" asahi said
"ok"
they walk down the path to the bandit camp

"the suited man will come soon" bandit leader said
zane 'guy nods'

09:00 suited man slowly walks into the bandit camp thru the front gate. hes carrying a big briefcase, opens it and throws a bag of coins to the bandit captains. bandit captains split the loot. "i trust that yiou have the children"
"i was goign to ask about that" zane said "the parents want their children back"
"oh the parents of that quanit little famr" suit man said. "i guess i could reliquush these children. and forget the deb,t but i need convincing."
"father got beaten to death and the mother had to watch. i think thats payment enough." -zane
"i had to show them a lesson." -sm "but i am a reasonable man. i am more than happy to deal with debts on my behalf. and i have a chore that needs done."
"so if we do this for you, the children go home, and the debt is forgiven?" -zane
"yes"
"what isthe task?"
"i have a aprticualr magical intuition of sorts. one of my closest object of requirement is somewhere to be found on the beach end of this continent. it was stolen."
suited man doesnt look shady at all, but his intentions are not clear. 8/10 shady
"asahi i think hes really suspicious" -marisa
"and i will reward you for the return of this magic itme: gold" -sm
. sm sees asahi and marisa even tho they hide. to zane, "I guess we have a deal?"
"I dont do handshakes." -zane
"the handshake is a sign of trust. Trust me?" -sm
zane shakes anyway
"then it is a deal." -sm smiles. (zane gets invisible mark of binding, but he doesnt know)
SM pullls out a gem with sunrays (teal crystal) and gives it to zane. "this will help you on your journey.'
"i know youre type of business. i would get a contract, but this is a one time deal." zane puts the gem in his bag. "forward payment, part of t. I expect the rest"
"keep children here until they complete their task." SM tells bandit captain. "I need you to raid a particular settlement of unruly people. I hope to see the job done, and when you do, give me a call." SM furls his hat and bows and walks away.
SM walks past asahi and says "excuse me." and walks out

bandit leader tells his men to keep children in tents., w/o harming them. He assigns some of them guard duty, and tells the rest of them to come with him to the raid.

"what did you get zane?" marisa comes over to zane. 
"blue crystal." -zane
"can i have it?"
"no, but you can look at it."
marisa holds it and sees it glow fluroescent blue in the sun.
marisa tries to identify the blue crystal with her book. She finds out it is an Azerite, ability: spell focus. worth 50 GP. can be used to focus magic. 50 GP because its perfectly cut.
marisa casts Identify on it to find that it can turn into a weapon as well. 
zane takes it back to keep marisa from playing with it like a sword

"zane i have a question" mariss aasked. " od you know somebody that can makes things?"
"I can. i dont have the tools tho. bc you guys refuse to go to dwarven city."
"so since youre pretty stupid and dont know what a gun is," mariosa taunts. 
"i do know what a gun is."
"so can you craft me a shotgun, an r18111, a rifle, or M1-guran?"
"M1 what? First of all, dont call me stupid, get off your hosre all. Second, i dont know what you just said."
"easy, they shoot thru a lot of things." 
"bullets embed, they dont shoot thru" -zane
marisa "see that cliff? lets say i shoot a 50-BMG, from thsi angle, it'll probably shoot thru it."
"you mean a cannon?"
"no, ia bullet." marisa gestures to its size.
"i have never seen anyhting like that."
marisa explains how guns work. 
"hmm i can do it, but we need something to keep me from blowing up." -zane
"we can use a pull string from a distance" - marisa
"i need precise specs" -zane
"i can get that." -marisa
-i can make that" -zane
"nice" -marisa

11:00 dria comes back, perches on tower, looks down from above, mouth and hands bloody, but not carrying anything
"youre back finally." zane states
marisa points an illusion at her. dria crouches down and makes her self small target. marisa gun illusion goes pop, dria flinches
marisa laughs

the party moves out, dria follows but keeps her distance. zane attunes to the Azerite, and figures out  that crushing the weapon would activate the weapon, so he crushes it. the weapon appears with a heavenly glow. its a holy moontouch swordeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. zane figures out that letting go off handle make it turn back into orb

"i figured out what the crystal is " -zane
marisa: "the water used to be polluted because the peopel show trash in the water. a lot of sea creatures suffered."
"youre speaking nonesense" -zane
"youre naive and stupid" -amrisa
"if you want me to make your gun, youll stop calling me stupid." -zane
"ok" -marisa
"anyway i found out what the crystal is" -zane said. he shows her the crystal sword 
"cool spell focus".
"yes, but i dont cast spells." -zane
"and i dont know how to use swords." marisa
marisa then rants about religion and clergyman
marisa is still 25 feet above the groun,d they have to slightly yell to coomunnicate
they talk about wars



13:00 party arrives at beach. zane runs ahead to beach once they get close (~100ft)

they find an encampent on the beach.
marisa gets caught in the wind and gets blown around.

inthe water stands Uthrid, The Water Elemental. its mad "Leave now."


marisa detects that it doesnt want them here, but stays anyway. 
uthrid knocks marisa away, but marisa hangs on to her broom4

comfbat begins

> water elemental walks up on land to marisa and asahi, doesnt doa anything, but forms something in itself
> asahi uses earth stance as he gets closer, and the water elemental forms a water club and slams asahi, dealing 22 dmg, bashes his head, slightly dazing asahi.
asahi then goes into wind stance, attacks with katana, and slices water elemental, and prepares to ward off more attacks
> zane closes in and slashes it with his new sword twice0
> dria hunters mark the WE, thru the water WE the arrow goes, no physical change7
2nd arrow passes thru We too, but hunters mark indicates damage was done to it
dmg: 12 + 8
> marisa casts haste on zane and asahi. marisa magic surged! the area around marisa turned into water, gained consciousness, and became a pet for marisa.
"wah" says the pet water elemental. marisa "pets" it as much as it can
zane and asahi still got haste.
> WE goes into zane's space and asahi's space and surrounds him. it whelms them. WE grapples, restrained, aphyixiates zane. asahi escapes the surrounding.
> asahi uses bushido, slices WE really fast with haste
> zane fails to break free from WE, struggles, breaks free from WE. zane tries to use  great sword to slash WE, but fails. zane swirls around, confused. 
> dria casts Entangle centered on the WE, trapping it and Zane and Asahi, but all three dodged the vines. 
> marisa casts lightning, and the lightnign passes thru the WE into the vines that dria made
> WE attacks zane, attacks asahi. but asahi parries, taking no damage
> asahi attacks WE
> zane attacks WE, crits it, kills it

combat ends

WE dissipates

dria keeps vines up, goes up to zane and tells him. "thats how i felt when you moved my arrows"
zane runs around the vines with ease, showing off. "anyway, besides the vines, you did pretty well."

telepath: "YOUVE KILLED MY FAV PET" "DID THAT GEEzER OF A SALESMAN SEND YOU HERE??? the knowdlege here is mine alone. do not come down. you will only find death"



mairsa goes int ocave, but hits an invisbele wall

marisas pet water elemtanl goes to river but it is rejected by the water bc it is made of magic.

zane looks at cave and goes back to dria. "and by the way?"
"hmm? t wasnt smart of you to entangle me. unless you wanted to"
"dont move my arrows."
"i was up all night protecting you. you dont get a say."
dria turns away.
zane sighs. "dont move your arrows? ok, duly noted."
"are you sorry?" -dria
"im sorry i moved them an hour early before you woke up." -zane
"hmmm. thatll do, this time. dont touch my stuff."
"you seem just happy enough to touch mine." -zane
dria slyly smirks as zane walks away to rejoin the party
"do you like it when i touch your stuff?" -dria
"i dont mind"
"ooooh!" she slaps his butt.
zane looks away, unamused.
the mood has been killed
"so whats everyone doing?"
zane tells her about the voice in the cave and the invisible wall.
dria nods, sensing that going in the cave will be part of the mission. "for the kids" she nods, and misty steps thru the insivible wall into the cave


